{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green25\blue28;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11373\c12941\c14510;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs52\fsmilli26250 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Topic 2. Transfer Learning for Credit Scoring\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Transfer learning (TL) is a popular deep learning framework, in which a model developed for one task is reused for a different problem. The common approach is to pre-train a neural network on a large data set and fine-tune it on another data set for the task at hand.\'a0Consider the following setup: a bank that has been offering one financial product (micro-loans) now introduces a new product (installment loans). TL would help to develop a scoring model for the new market based on the patterns learned from data on the previous product. However, credit data usually comes in a tabular format. This creates challenges for the application of TL as the underlying features may be different.\cb1 \
\cb3 The group is expected to develop a TL pipeline and apply it to credit scoring data. The empirical experiment should evaluate the performance of the developed approach depending on the target data set size and/or number of intersecting features.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Data:\'a0
\f0\b0 public credit scoring data (provided by the chair)\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Starting references:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Suryanto, H., Guan, C., Voumard, A., & Beydoun, G. (2019, September). Transfer learning in credit risk. In\'a0
\f2\i Joint European Conference on Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases
\f0\i0 \'a0(pp. 483-498). Springer, Cham.\cb1 \
\cb3 Survey on deep transfer learning:\'a0Tan, C., Sun, F., Kong, T., Zhang, W., Yang, C., & Liu, C. (2018, October). A survey on deep transfer learning. In\'a0
\f2\i International Conference on Artificial Neural Networks
\f0\i0 \'a0(pp. 270-279). Springer, Cham.}